Data Object Name:   site.geoCoordinates
Definition:         The geoCoordinates are a unique identifier of a precise geographic location on the earth, usually 
                    expressed in alphanumeric characters. geoCoordinates in this context, are points of intersection 
                    in a grid system. 
Description:        geoCoordinates is an object that requires four properties in order to precisely define a location on
                    the earth; latitude, longitude, the units of measurement being used (angleUOM) and the geodetic
                    reference system (datum) being used.
Properties:         latitude, longitude, angleUOM and datum                   
              
Alias:              coordinates, geo-coordinates, GPSCoordinates 

Where used:         geoCoordinates is used within the following IFSF APIs. (Links will be provided when I find out how!)
                    IFSF Wet Stock Management Agent GET /sites/{siteID}
                    IFSF Wet Stock Management Agent GET /sites/{siteID}/reconciliationReports

YAML code: - The text between brackets can be cut and paste into the Online Swagger editor (with a hyper link)
[
    core.geo.geoCoordinates:
      properties:
        latitude:
          minimum: -90
          maximum: 90
          format: double
          description: >-
            Latitude (degree range -90 to +90) with positive values for N
            latitude and negative for S latitude.
          type: number
        longitude:
          minimum: -180
          maximum: 180
          format: double
          description: >-
            Longitude (degree range -180 to +180) positive values for E of the
            prime meridian, and negative values W longitude.
          type: number
        angleUOM:
          default: decimal degrees
          description: >-
            Radians and degrees are pure decimal numbers. Values expressed in
            "decimal dd.mm.ss" units have the numeric format "28.3050"
            representing 28 degrees 30 minutes and 50 seconds. Both the minutes
            and seconds must be two characters with a numeric range between 00
            to 60.
          enum:
            - radians
            - decimal degrees
            - decimal dd.mm.ss
          type: string
        datum:
          default: WGS84
          description: geodetic reference system used for positional measurement
          enum:
            - HD72
            - NAD27
            - NAD83
            - OSGB36
            - S42
            - WGS84
          type: string
      required:
        - latitude
        - longitude
      type: object
]

latitude*	number($double)
minimum: -90
maximum: 90
Latitude (degree range -90 to +90) with positive values for N latitude and negative for S latitude.

longitude*	number($double)
minimum: -180
maximum: 180
Longitude (degree range -180 to +180) positive values for E of the prime meridian, and negative values W longitude.

angleUOM	string
default: decimal degrees
Radians and degrees are pure decimal numbers. Values expressed in “decimal dd.mm.ss” units have the numeric format “28.3050”
representing 28 degrees 30 minutes and 50 seconds. Both the minutes and seconds must be two characters with a numeric range
between 00 to 60.

Enum:
Array [ 6 ]
datum	string
default: WGS84
geodetic reference system used for positional measurement
